#Kandlekeep-Dekonstruktion
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [[Stalfor]], [[Adriel]]

- Spent night at [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md)'s to get long rest and level up to level 9
- Left for [Onvyr](NPCs/01_General/Onvyr.md)'s in the morning to claim reward
- Each were given 250 gp

- [Onvyr](NPCs/01_General/Onvyr.md) asked us to investigate something at Candlekeep
	- Rumours of cult activity in Candlekeep coming out of an old, old, condemned tower in the city
	- Strange noises in the tower - a.k.a. The barn door
	- Maybe something is being conducted in the tower that isn't meant to be found by the watchful eye
- We agreed and [Onvyr](NPCs/01_General/Onvyr.md) gave each of us badges and a letter with his seal to get into the city.
- Got in with the letter, but couldn't get past emerald door. While trying to get in, we were approached.

- Old dwarven man approached and gave [India](PCs/Current/India.md) a heavy black book called "Kandlekeep Dekonstruktion", lead us away from people and introduced himself as Buron.
	- Buron was part of a cult in Candlekeep called The Livestock
	- Leader plans on stealing some of Candlekeep's most valuable books to "keep them safe"
	- Cult wasn't worshipping any sort of god - their leader believed that the works kept in Candlekeep shouldn't be viewed by anyone else
	- Inside the book there were basically blueprints for all of Candlekeep

- While discussing the current events, an earthquake occurred and Buron lead us in to the inner city to go to the Barn Door:
	- Three story tower with door that has a sign that says "Danger: No Trespassing"
	- Password to get into the door is Jeopardy
	- Leader's name is Stonky J. Noptopper
		- Says J. Stands for "genius"
		- He is a white bearded gnome with goggles and bald head

- [[Adriel]] used the password to get us in to the building. Three custodians attacked and were killed
- Everyone but [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) took uniforms - taking on nicknames:

|PC|Nickname|
|----|----|
|India|Marmot Marmalade|
|Adriel|Piggy Dippindots|
|Stalfor|Cock Sauce|
|Sylvia|Donkey Biscuits|

- Found some books in the first level that seem to have some value.
- [[Adriel]] found false book with a secret door leading down stairs. Very dark

- Searched around downstairs, fought a lot of boys (cultists and skitterwidgets) and found final room where Stonky was crawling around on the floor, ended session.