#### Arc: Canopic Being
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)

# Notes
- Found a jar in an alcove that had a label of a book on it, this one was a pancreas.
	- Sword Jar had eye. [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) tried to stab it but it absorbed the blow of the mace and was unharmed.
		- Okuzor
	- Book jar had pancreas
		- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md)
	- Flask jar was empty
		- [India](PCs/Current/India.md)
	- Wand jar had kidneys
		- Zaren Zoradius
	- Tree jar empty
		- [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)
	- Crystal Ball jar brain stem
		- Xemru
	- Hammer jar empty
		- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md)
	- Cat jar has beating heart
		- [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md)

- Decided to open sarcophagus and a ward was triggered, [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) dispelled the ward. Opened the sarcophagus and it was empty. Were met with laughing in our heads.
- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) and [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) heard a booming voice in their heads saying the following. Sounds like same voice that spoke in all of our heads in this temple earlier:
> 	_You've gotten quite adept at foiling the plans of those who would seek to do harm unto others, however you've left a few loose threads along your tapestry. A power vacuum in a cult, a tower turned rocket ship ready to take to the heavens again, a man who damned countless souls to hell left to the local law to deal with. It was humorous to see you collapse a demiplane a beholder sought to make its own. Something like that might cause the beholder to lash out - tragedy may befall any haunt of yours near a passage to the underdark left unguarded_

- Crossed sarcophagus chamber, entered new room, pyramid shaped. Door on slanted wall and door on floor level.
	- Saw a figure in the room floating around.
	- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) heard a voice in his head trying to convince him to study with her using divination to further develop his artificer skillz
	- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) heard a voice promising museums dedicated to her archaeology endeavors and the path there is via the divination sanctum

- Went to peek at slanty door, [India](PCs/Current/India.md) and [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) saw lots of motes of swirling light (eyeballs) turning to look 
- At apex of cube is a woman sitting in the air, wearing same yellow robes as everyone else (this is [Valin](NPCs/Deceased/Valin.md))
- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) entered room with [Dr. Hoo](NPCs/Living/Dr.Hoo.md), room is floaty and she started flying.

- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) confirmed from [Valin](NPCs/Deceased/Valin.md) that she took her pancreas

- Started fight with [Valin](NPCs/Deceased/Valin.md), killed her. But to kill mummy lord we gotta destroy her heart? Heart jar?