#Canopic-Being 
[[Avalon]], [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)

- [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md) dispelled the curse afflicting India which was preventing her from being healed, and healed her back to consciousness.
- Is [[Alessia]] a human? "You get your heart or you get these hands"

- Confronted [[Alessia]] to try to convince her that [[Valin]] was evil, but she was not buying
- [[Alessia]] has lots of cat figurines
- Found a bracelet with a key charm
- Cupboard made brain tingle.
	- Aura of conjuration magic around the cupboard
	- Taking from it, closing the door and reopening it, restocks the cupboard with full pantry of food. 

- [[Alessia]] tried to make a run for it so we knocked her out, brought her to the jar room and tried to reverse the surgery on our own.
	- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) is the anesthesiologist
	- [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md) 
		- Cutting her open
		- Extract the heart
		- Destroy the heart
		- Take jar heart and insert
		- Close her up
	- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) will destroy it with fire
	- [[Avalon]] will get the real heart

- Successfully performed the heart surgery on [[Alessia]], she decided to leave the temple and set her own path.
- Repeated the ritual on [[Avalon]] successfully

- New God - Drake, mister hotline bling?

- Left temple, told the folks there about the [[Valin]] mummy drama

- [[Avalon]] teleported the party to [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md)'s, party went to the YP to have a drink.

- Two fire giants climbed out of the pit saying they were looking for [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)?

