#Downtime #Sarah-of-Yellowcrest
[[Vitari]], [[Sylvia]], [[India]], [[Stalfor]], [[Adriel]]

- Guards tried to arrest [[Vitari]] in the morning at the Yawning Portal, he fought them and killed them all
- Once he killed them all he peaced the fawk out of Waterdeep
- [[India]] woke up a little later and found the guards' bodies, more guards had arrived by that point to investigate
- [[India]] got all the deets from one of the bartenders
- [[Sylvia]] stayed at home the night before and [[Stalfor]] stayed elsewhere (presumably his home)
- Bought:
	- Suppressor
	- 6x daggers
	- Studded leather armour
	- Potion of healing
- Got a letter inviting me to [[Onvyr]]'s library as the sun was setting

#### [[Adriel]] (James):
- Walked in, long brown hair, well kept beard
- Studded leather armour with crystal amulet
- Says he was guided to Waterdeep to seek out [[India]] and [[Sylvia]]?????????????????
- Says he has a mission to get to Baldur's Gate to help someone
- Studies the constellations
	- A few months ago, found something was amiss and needs to be corrected
	- Held a crystal over candle fire and constellations appear and he was like "this star moved we gotta fix it"
- He's got a dumpy

#### At [[Onvyr]]'s:
- He gave us an autobiographical book saying there's some sort of spirit attached to it and he'd like for us to lay it to rest somehow.
- Will pay 150gp each

#### Info [[Sylvia]] knows about Yellowcrest:
- The patriarch of the Yellowcrest family, Lord [[Viallis]] Yellowcrest, returned from a business trip to find his wife, their three children and house's four servants all murdered. In the aftermath of this terrible loss, the grieving lord sold all his possessions, then moved away from the city to live out his life in solitude.
- This all happened roughly 5 years ago.
- [[Sylvia]] and others gossipers speculated cult activity was related, but details of the killings were never revealed - no suspects were identified or charged.
- The Yellowcrest family had a good reputation, no hint of personal or public impropriety. The Yellowcrest family owned a few tanneries, leatherworkers shops and cobblers shops in the trade ward.
- The Yellowcrest manor is on Delzorin street in the North Ward

#### Info gathered from the journal itself:
- While flipping through book, [[Sarah]] of Yellowcrest's ghost appeared, opened mouth to speak but nothing came out (tongue was gone) and reached to [[Sylvia]] and then apparition dissapeared.
- First hand account (Common) of the life of [[Sarah]]
- Wrote about Lady [[Maria]] who came from a poor family and empathized with [[Sarah]]'s lack of education
- It was Lady [[Maria]] who taught her to write and gave her the leather bound journal we are reading
- [[Sarah]] had romantic relationship with a young squire named [[Vecken]]
- Lord [[Viallis]]' closest business associate was an elf named [[Faerl]]. Records of him visiting twice per tenday.

#### [[Sarah]]'s ghost possessed [[Adriel]] and gave us the following info:
- Lord [[Viallis]] killed them with evil ritual
- [[Viallis]] sacrificed them for something
- [[Sarah]] drew image of cover of old tome that the lord was reading
	- Monstrous creature with bulbous head, long arms, tentacles for legs, and multifaceted eyes.
	- Ritual symbol also drawn.
	- [[Stalfor]] recognized it as a "Contact other plane" spell, tied to entity from outer planes.

#### Going to the (formerly) Yellowcrest manor
- Greeted by balding man with warm smile.
- The property belongs to the Falgarst family.
- Arnulf answered the door (he is a servant of the family).
- Loves to gossip, had good info.
- Said that when the family moved in, the place was very clean - almost magically clean. They didn't notice anything was left behind by Lord [[Viallis]].
- No signs of ghostly activity over the years either.
- [[Viallis]] apparently left to small village near Daggerfort (or something like that)?

#### Talking to [[Vecken]]
- No answer at first doors, had shouting match with old lady.
- Second house, Vecken answered.
	- The servants were buried in the City of the Dead.
	- Lord [[Viallis]] wanted the remains of his children and wife buried near their new home so he wouldn't have to visit the city again.
	- [[Vecken]] isn't sure where their new home is.
	- After [[Sarah]] passed he tried to bury himself in his work as a distraction.
	- As we leave we heard faint crying from inside his house.