#Lore-of-Larue
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [[Adriel]]

- Last session:
	- [[Sylan]] knew some stuff about Silverymoon:
		- Settlement in NW Faerun
		- Mostly humans and elves
		- Also called "Gem of the North"
		- Prime signatory state of confederation of the Silver Marches
		- Was ruled for centuries by high lady Elustriel Silverhand (wizard woman) and the chosen of Mistra (goddess of magic)
		- Larue (guardian of forests) is a lesser deity with strong ties to god of the forest (Mielikki "milky")
- Went to [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md)'s house to enter the book for Lore of Larue
- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) opened book, we all got sucked in.
- Landed in the woods, trees luminescent. Three satyrs walking along a path: Tragos, Artillio, Funagi
- Headed to Polvarth Pleateau with the satyrs.
- Tree bleeding gold sap?
- Saw some baddies along the path but made it to the plateau
- Big tree woke up and said his name was Feynor, Satyrs started jumping around and drinking more
- Said that there is trouble with the pool of the eternal spring, go to the Doolittle (Dewlight) to find Wheeldoli (pixie) for more info.
- Feynor gave us a Potion of hill giant strength before we departed

- Made it to Dewlight, with lots of mushrooms scattered around the clearing. Some clusters about 3 ft. high.
- Found Wheeldoli in the center of the clearing.
- Disciples of Malar, vicious beast lord. Sprites have been doing their best to just stay hidden. Maybe berserkers are the disciples?
- Most of the source of trouble seems to come from the spring, which is 10 miles away.
- Spring served as a site for the unicorn deity?
- Whatever is supposed to happen will probably peak during winter solstice which is a day or two away.

- Continued on, found clearing with water well with beak tentacle monster which we killed. [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) got hurt bad tho
- Party asked [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) to investigate the house we heard cackling from, she approached the door and they immediately knew she was there and combat started with the party against the hag
- Party killed the hag and [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) took a lot of damage
- Ended session.