#### Arc: Feywild Arc
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](Adriel.md)

# Session 87 Notes
- Left the mountain, took a short rest at the base.
	- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) heard something in the distance, loud branches falling/trees being crushed
- [Adriel](Adriel.md) cast Locate Animals or Plants to locate the Tree of Life, the directions were as follows:
	- Head a mile down the nearest path
	- Left at first river
	- Right at bridge
	- Tree of Life is located at the heart of the Seelie Court

- Following the directions, came upon the bridge and there were 8 figures on the bridge:
	- Look like naiads... the same from Heaven and Hell (her name is [Calla](NPCs/Living/Calla.md), don't know her friends' names)
		- [Adriel](Adriel.md) and [India](PCs/Current/India.md) knew her
		- [Calla](NPCs/Living/Calla.md) offered to join the party in their quest to save the Feywild, said they can cast some magic to make us fly or stun large groups, but their best skill is illusory magic.

- Made it back to the heart of the Summer Court, didn't see anyone around
	- Compared to last time we were here, when there were clearly some sort of festivities going on
- Ascended through the treetops, few traces of life around.
- As we neared the throne room, there were killed guards on the ground
- Throne room empty (no [Titania](NPCs/Living/Titania.md)) save for dead [Pingle](NPCs/Deceased/Pingle.md).
	- [Pingle](NPCs/Deceased/Pingle.md) clutching wand and book
		- Book was mostly filler text written in Sylvan, i.e. Lorem Ipsum
- Went to [Damh](NPCs/Living/Damh.md)'s home, knocked on the door, didn't get an answer
	- Tried the door but it was locked/barricaded
- Seems like [Ronorin](NPCs/Living/Ronorin.md) and his squad have purged the area
- Decided to head on towards the Tree of Life with the hope that healing the tree would fix/restore things
- On the way, we holed up in a hastily set up barricade and noticed a group of large rodents
	- Tall (for a mouse) wearing mail and carrying a sword
	- Detachment behind him of small woodland beasts, all armed
	- It was [Sir Matthias](NPCs/Living/SirMatthias.md)!!!!!
	- Said they don't know what happened, they also just got here, but are joining our fight

- Pressed on with our allies towards the Tree of Life
- The closer we got, the more fungi we saw growing on other trees. Not Good!
- Saw [Ronorin](NPCs/Living/Ronorin.md) punching an eladrin DEAD! Turned to [Adriel](Adriel.md) and said
	- "Young Sprout, this is your last chance. Everything is leading up to this. Join me in unmaking this world, or die with it."
	- Adriel refused to join his cause, fight broke out and Ronorin went into the tree itself
	- Dusk and summer eladrin clashing blades along the path, began fighting our way to the tree to catch up to Ron