#### Arc: Chains of Kossuth
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md)

# Session 106 Notes
## Kossuth Fight
- Avalon gave the party the benefit of a full long rest using Wish
- Then [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) used Wish to activate the full power of her amulet, was brought inside and met an old elven wizard named Fael'dor
	- Learned amulet was crafted by him, and he fixed it such that it was no longer burned into her skin (she can now remove it if she wants)
	- He gave [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) the last of his power to give her an advantage in their fight:
		- For 5 turns, she had access to her full spellbook, could concentrate on 2 spells at once, and had unlimited spell slots
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) promised to use his amulet and his power to do good, help people with his power
- She returned to real time, with new boost
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) was able to separate [Rowan](NPCs/Living/Rowan.md) from Kossuth's scion
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) healed everyone back to full HP again
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) and party successfully defeated Kossuth with their second and third winds lol
- At the end of the fight, [Rowan](NPCs/Living/Rowan.md) went to [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) to try to embrace her and she pushed him away
	- She cried and yelled at him for leaving her when she needed him most
	- He asked for forgiveness and to be together again, she said she would have to think about it
	- He said he would wait as long as it takes, would take her back if she ever changed her mind
- [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md) found a treasure room, contained the following:
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) found a Ring of Spell Turning 
	- Bag of Devouring
	- Oil of Sharpness
	- Potion of Longevity
	- Horseshoes of a Zephyr
	- Potion of Supreme Healing
	- Universal Solvent
	- Potion of Storm Giant Strength
	- 650,000gp in coin (includes gemstones)

## Eastern Study
- Scrolls for lower level fire spells
	- Burning Hands
	- Fire Bolt
	- Fireball
	- Fire Shield
- Diary on desk:
	> ***Entry 1:***
			*Our Lord came to me in my dreams last night. He has welcomed another lamb into the fold. His name is Rowan Arkenth. He is young but he shows great promise in the ways of the arcane. He resides in Waterdeep, however we will implore him to relocate here, for the benefit of the many.*
	
	> ***Entry 2:***
			*Arkenth tells us he has gained access to the Blackstaff Tower. He writes he will be of more use remaining there - we will have him send ancient tombs from their many libraries.*
	
	> ***Entry 3:***
			*Our Lord's will be done, His plan is falling into place! The amulet of an ancient fire mage has been recovered by the Blackstaff Academy, where an agent of our Lord has been lying in wait for years. The amulet is bound to a wizard there, but no matter, we have instructed Arkenth to recover the amulet, at the cost of the wizard's life if need be.*
	
	> ***Entry 4:***
			*Arkenth has not been heard from for some time. Could he have been bested by the wizard? Perhaps our faith in the boy was misplaced.*

	> ***Entry 5:***
			*The volumes and volumes of tomes promised by Arkenth have never arrived. Could they have been stolen? We will have to better protect our shipments.*

- Hidden treasure chamber with 40gp, fine gilded inquisitor robes, rock

## Waterdeep
- Teleported back to [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md)'s library, [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) and [Duke](NPCs/Living/Duke.md) were talking in the library

- Level up to level 20!