#### Arc: Ronorin's Blight
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)

# Notes
#### Room 1:
- Entered dungeon into room illuminated by orb 10-ft in diameter. Light from orb seemed to be causing lethargy
- Dispelled magic on the orb, shadows appeared and we killed them. [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) cast Daylight on his staff which helped!
- Stairs were revealed under the orb after the fight.
	- Thin loose pieces of stone on floor, one has an 'N' and one has an 'A'
	- Took the slabs and descended the stairs

#### Room 2:
- Double doors at bottom of stairs lead into dining room with three dolls
	- First doll: we're missing what we need
	- Second doll: you can use a perpetual top or treetop pulp
	- Third doll: we need to repopulate PT
	- Dragon's breath chai, elven moonflower infusion, dwarven forgefire blend, fairysong green tea, mage's mystical mint blend
	- One teapot for every colour of the rainbow
	- Green teapot BAD!!
	- Purple teapot with faerie song green tea was solution and idk why
- Took two slabs with the letter "I" on them

#### Room 3:
- purple crystal above floating hands on plinth
	- fused into plinth under hands
	- space above hands is empty
	- to left and right there are small openings
		- dim red sphere 1
		- bright blue sphere -3
	- above hands, small illusory -2
- big chamber that drops off, chamber is a cylinder, 50-100 ft. above and below
- Balanced stones to 0 (+3 and -3) and floated across. Sum number was gravity strength
- Two stone slates with letters "O" and "P"

#### Room 4:
- Four season water fountain statues in each corner of the room
- Four pedestals in the middle of the room
- Whirlpool in center of room?
- Carvings
	- Seasons change, one to the next, but we remain steadfast
- Top Left: Winter
- Top Right: Spring
- Bottom Right: Summer
- Bottom Left: Autumn
- Once we entered the room, the door closed and water began to fill the room. The whirlpool began to speed up
- Elemental appeared by [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) and FT