#### Arc: Inner Alchemy
#### PCs: [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)

# Notes

- At the end of last session, [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) brought another book to our attention.
- We noticed that there were no scholars anywhere in the library when we first entered.
- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) told us that the library suffered a break-in last night, and several of his scholars were slain
- He showed us an ancient tome that he believes is the reason for the break-in
- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) opened the book and started to cast a spell, [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) and [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) failed. The spell was to let us understand the writing of the text:
	- The book of inner alchemy is a book about ki
	- Lots of diagrams of the humanoid form outlining the flow of ki
	- Describes monk techniques to control ki for combat or extraordinary feats
	- Using ki to achieve immortality?
	- Ki can be attacked but also stolen
	- Theories about how soul, body, and mind can be combined
		- Soul can be hurt by absence of wisdom
		- Body can be damaged by violent deeds
		- Mind can be sullied by ego and emotional attachment
	- Spiritual and medicinal wisdom
	- Details of how to construct magic items that make use of stripping a monk's essence and making use of it
	- Book contains instructions for constructing Gloves of Soul Catching
- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) showed us the scene of the crime, where the break in occurred, looks like there were arcane wards that were triggered by the ones who broke in
	- Pages about the Gloves of Soul Catching were ripped from the book
	- The scholars were killed using only unarmed strikes
	- Symbol of white lotus flower on a cloth being clutched by one of the deceased
		- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) recognized this group, remembered that a monk began to fear death and began to seek out ways to evade it. Other monks exiled him.
		- Order of the Immortal Lotus
		- Kryptgarden Forest
- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) asked us to go recover the missing pages

- Departed and found forest edge, abandoned town with only a goat left. Goat said there were scary trees and all the people ran away.
- Trees on edge of forest are overgrown, branches are fixed to look like they are raking in buildings.
- Trees appear to inviting us in the same way a wolf invites sheep into its home
- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) wild shaped into an owl and found a clearing with giant pink petals (almost like a lotus)
- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) and [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) found runes burned into the ground
	- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) translated, very rough translation but the druidic read "Nature's teeth hungers to reclaim"
	- This is the remainder of a very powerful spell that was channeled
- Goat came back and snuggled up to fire
- During [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md)'s watch, heard eerie noises coming from Kryptgarden Forest
	- Howling wind, rustling foliage, distant roars of unidentifiable beasts very far off in the distance
- [India](PCs/Current/India.md)'s watch went by uneventfully

- Set off in the morning, found an oozing tree, two people in white robes wheeling bodies to tree
- They dumped the bodies in front of the tree and tendrils began to pull the bodies into the tree
- Followed them to the temple, met anime guy, started fighting. Steel Crane?