#### Arc: Sylvia Backstory
#### PCs: [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)

# Session 22 Notes
- Last session ended with fight ending, still needed to search bodies of baddies.

- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) picked up a set of keys from the big bad lady
- Found a shortsword, spear, dagger, chain shirt, and shield from the other remaining bodies
- Big statue in pool room is robed woman with fiendish wings growing out of its back
- Smaller statues are of women with cups of water pouring back into the pools.
- Talking to guard at the door, her name is Riley.
	- She said they aren't allowed to let anyone out except a select few.
	- Only people allowed in and out are [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md), Lady Amara, the chef, and the white-haired lady that the Nereids told Adriel about.
	- Prisoners are brought down frequently, she isn't sure why but it's pretty obviously offerings. They have been brought down to this area ever since she started a few months ago.
	- She works for a company that offers protection services and whoever hired her did it through her superior
- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) killed the second guard, party got into an argument about next steps re: Lady Amara and [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) left to go sulk in the main room.
- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) decided to go upstairs, opened the bedroom curtain and made eye contact with Lady Amara, turned around (leaving the curtain open) and shouted "What's with this door behind this bed?" before descending the stairs
- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), and [India](PCs/Current/India.md) waited at the bottom of the stairs but Lady Amara never appeared. Decided to investigate the other rooms before luring her back down.
- Entered mirror room and saw blood on the floor and footprints at the end of the room.
- Struggled to figure out how to get to the other side, until we re-recruited [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) and finally got through (reflection of the open door made the mirror portal open)
- Walked through and saw an incubus, succubus, and white-haired lady on the bed in a bedroom
	- Killed incubus and white-haired lady, white-haired lady had key ring with an especially ornate key on it. Sylvia took the whole key ring (later gave to [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)).
	- Contents of end tables and dresser:
		- Oil of slipperiness
		- Potion of wakefulness (used on succubus below)
		- Vial of enduring self
		- Clothes in dresser
- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) KO'd the succubus with the intention of interrogating her:
	- Sybil is white-haired lady
	- She disappeared into thin air after we got that info
- Gave [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) the keys from Sybil and moved on to the statue/pool room.
- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) put the lips and the key into the statue and it slid back to reveal a staircase going deeper down.
	- A man's scream was heard from down the stairs (didn't sound like [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md) though)