#FeywildArc 
[[Avalon]], [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [[Stalfor]], [[Adriel]]

- Took short rest in the grove/clearing where we felled the treants
- During short rest, Adriel noticed a green lantern accompanied with sounds of horse hooves in sync with the bobbing of the lantern.
- Decided to press on and follow the North star, but avoid the lantern if we could.

- Looped around the same pond a few times and before finally making any real progress (weird Feywild nature putting us in circles)
- After a while, found a small rabbit riding a weasel, both wearing wooden armour
	- They have about half a dozen field mice following them (small platoon of mice)
	- They are heading in our direction
	- The rabbit gave us a 'sup' nod and we reciprocated and then carried on
- Eventually came to archway, beyond lies a misty path
	- Base of archway had a wood and stone plinth
	- A poem apparated on the plinth, written in Sylvan:
		> _In the woods where shadows dance and roam,
		> A lost boy wanders, far from home.
		> But fear not, for a wandering druid's grace,
		> Offers shelter and guidance in that mysterious place.
		> Through tangled paths and thorns that bite,
		> The boy seeks refuge in the fading light.
		> But in the depths of the forest's embrace,
		> A druid's wisdom finds him in that space.
		> With keen eyes and a heart that's true,
		> The druid leads the boy, no longer blue.
		> Through challenges both great and small,
		> They conquer fears and stand tall.
		> At last, the boy finds solace, no longer alone,
		> In the heart of the woods, where the his powers have grown.
		> For amidst the wilds, where the fey roam,
		> The boy finds power to heal his home_

- Entered archway
- Eventually found a big old tree with pink blossoms and a face
	- Asked us for help
	- Said his kin are in danger nearby
	- Asked us to place his fruits inside one of them so that they may grow again
	- Shook off a fruit from his tree, a juicy looking mango
	- Said his kin is a pink blossomed tree as well but doesn't know where they are
	- Found friend, placed mango seed in tree, and it blossomed
	- Found our way back, Tree was like fanks bubs, asked us if it could return the favour
	- Adriel asked if it knew the whereabouts of the artifact
		- Said "i don't know nothin bout no artifact but check out Big Mountain"
		- Path to mountain is mysterious
			- Head down path behind this tree
			- Once in mists, turn around and come back the way we came
			- From there, hmmmm.... head....... ohhhh...... my roots do not reach that far :(
	- Tree said old age and deep roots maybe granted some resilience to the blight. This is also a deep and magical part of the summer court.
	- Navigated our way to a clearing that revealed a mountain in front of us, revealing an archway carved in stone with double stone doors
		- On archway was another poem written in Syvlan
			- through tangled paths am n thtys your strayd
			- congrats
			- trialso f keen mind
			- forge ahaead 
			- dont headististe :)
	- Entered archway and ended session
