#### Arc: The Saprophytic Plague
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md)

# Session 92 Notes
### The Hearth
- Woke up early, had breakfast with [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md)
	- He had requested research from colleagues at CK
	- Other colleagues ran into man wielding terrifying sword, as black as starlight
		- Sword has a history - is the Blackrazor
			- Been around for centuries
			- Always associated with tales of blood
			- Earliest mention is a challenge set forth by Bhaal to challenge people to see the number of foes they could slay with the blade and if they were able to achieve this they would gain his favour or be his chosen at the time
			- A side effect is that the sword seems to be sentient and absorbs the souls of creatures that it slays
				- Unsure where the souls go - whether it's in the sword or to hell or something
			- The man currently wielding it seems to have an immense strength
			- Aren't too many tales able to collect thus far
			- Unsure if current wielder has connection to Bhaal
- Agreed to investigate plague while [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) continues his research into Blackrazor
- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) got Sendings back
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md)'s mother said "Family is well but struggling, plague decimated crops. We miss you and love you, please visit soon"
- Little boy delivered a Blight Bomb, [India](PCs/Current/India.md) gave it to [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md)
- [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md) gave an Inspiring Speech before [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) teleported us to **Lykortha Expanse**

### Lykortha Expanse
- At the mouth of a dark cave, lots of fungal growth
- Entered cave, heard a faint crying from a short distance within the cave
	- [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md) played a little tune on his lute to try to calm the crying down, a small creature (sprite) approached hesitantly
		- Gave a vision to [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md): a female elf in a gossamer cape made of mycelial threads. This brief vision is accompanied by a momentary feeling of intense longing and hunger
		- She said she used to live here with her friends but she can't find them
		- Asked if we were staying, [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md) told her we were staying long enough to investigate the plague and cave
			- She said that she couldn't remember. She used to live here with her friends, [Sylvaranth](NPCs/Deceased/Aerryn.md) and Bunnyblossom. [Sylvaranth](NPCs/Deceased/Aerryn.md) was a nice druid, and Bunnyblossom was a fairy dragon. Something bad happened. [Sylvaranth](NPCs/Deceased/Aerryn.md) did something to her, but she managed to escape. She flew in the darkness until she could see the light again. She has been here since.
		- Her name is [Thunderwing](NPCs/Living/Thunderwing.md), she tucked herself into [Harland](PCs/Current/Harland.md)'s collar and asked to accompany us
- Went further into cave, saw tendrils with bodies suspended in tendrils
	- Human and orc
	- They were wearing traveller's clothes
	- Headed further in, the bodies whispered to [India](PCs/Current/India.md), one saying "help me" the other saying "kill me"
	- Hard to tell where tendrils end and bodies begin
	- Detect Magic revealed no innate magic, but rather a strong ebb and flow of life and death in the area - similar to necrotic magic but not quite
	- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) tried to kill them, and the speaking ("help me/kill me") stopped.
- Found little research alcove
	- Mildewed notebook:
		- Contains instructions for concocting a potion of longevity out of fungi and a pint of blood from an archfey, all harvested within the past 24 hours. The handwriting in this notebook matches the handwriting in [Sylvaranth](NPCs/Deceased/Aerryn.md).
		- The potion-brewing ritual described in the notebook requires alchemist’s supplies and the aforementioned ingredients. The ritual takes 1 hour to perform, at the end of which the brewer makes an Intelligence (Arcana) check
	- Towards back, bottle with an effervescent red look - Potion of Superior Healing
- Continued further, found alcove with mushroom fairy circle
	- [Thunderwing](NPCs/Living/Thunderwing.md) said she was from here, was here playing with a friend
	- Sent awakened mind spellbook into circle, got vision:
		- The cave disappears and is replaced by a field carpeted in spongy moss and pockmarked with pools of ooze. A colossal palace constructed of giant mushrooms with interconnecting bridges rises in the distance. A cloud of spores falls gently from the sky, covering everything in a fine layer of the substance.
		- A tall creature beckons with a smile. Her body’s top half vaguely resembles that of a humanoid. Four ropy, fibrous antennae grow from her forehead, somehow enhancing her disgusting and compelling beauty. Her lower half is a mass of writhing, pulsing tentacles covered with fungal growths, resembling a horrific gown.
	- Vision resulted in madness: Periodically slip into catatonic state for long stretches
		- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) went catatonic for a few minutes, snapped back but had no memory of it.
		- Was the woman in the vision Zuggtmoy? Has [Sylvaranth](NPCs/Deceased/Aerryn.md) been communing with her?
- Went deeper into cave, found opening with lots of shit and two behir on the ceiling.
	- Dense foggy ground, cages
	- These creatures have lightning breath!!!
	- Had surprise round, started combat and ended the session