#Downtime #WisteriaVale 
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)

- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) will not change her jogging route because it turns her on
- [[Milton]] approaches [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) and says this night is sparkling, don't you let it go. i'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home. i'll spend forever wondering if you knew i was enchanted to meet you.

#### Downtime
- Returned to the Waterdeep, at the Yawning Portal. [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md) had a conversation with his horses.
- [[Durnan]] made a bet with his staff whether we died or not and he won the bet (we caught him getting paid)
- [[Durnan]] said [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) stopped by with a woman named [[Ryllia]] while we were away, looking for us
- Sylvia offered to give Rita a tour of the SFC factory
- Visited [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) and [[Ryllia]]
	- [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md) had wrapped wounds on his face with an eyepatch and his arm in a sling
	- Said he was fine, he had a doctor's appointment
	- Said he summoned us because his friend Ryllia needed help with a book she had gifted Onvyr
		- Ryllia wears a broach of a silver crescent moon around a silver harp, the symbol of the  Harpers. A semi-secret organization that tries to do good 
		- Introduces herself as Ryllia Liadon
		- Said she provided a book, The Curious Tale of Wisteria Vale, to Onvyr's library for safekeeping
		- Says this book appears to be a fictionalized retelling of a particularly notable bard (to the untrained eye), however this book is actually a demiplane the Harpers created to imprison the bard, Errant Quill, until they could free him from the influence of an evil artifact
		- Book has been hidden under Onvyr's care for three years, but she thinks they have discovered a cure for the corruption, and the time to revisit is now
		- The secret to enter the book is hidden in the text of the play, a line in the final scene contains a clue as to how to enter the book/demiplane. She's been trying to decode it with Onvyr but they haven't been successful
		- Ryllia doesn't believe herself to be fit enough to handle it alone, so Onvyr suggested an adventuring party (us)
		- She showed us a dagger which the blade pulsed with inner radiance, the dagger was imbued with spells. We would have to stab him to cure him.
		- She said to exit the demiplane we either have to cure him or kill him
		- We agreed and asked for a few days to make preparations
- Sylvia brought Rita and Stalfor to the SFC factory for a tour

- Letter to [[Jimin]]:
> Uncle Jim,
> 
> Just a quick note to express my gratitude towards you for entrusting the Iron Dragon to me. It is truly a marvel of engineering.
> 
> It's clear you put a great deal of thought and care into its creation. I feel honored to wield such a remarkable weapon, and I am forever grateful for your efforts.
> 
> Thank you once again for all that you have done for me. Your skills and knowledge have made a significant difference in my life, and I will always cherish the weapons you have created for me.
> 
> With heartfelt gratitude,
> 
> Sylvia

- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) bought a thank-you gift for [[Jimin]]
	- The Enchanted Blueprint: Unveiling the Schematics of Magic
	- Old book, edges are frayed
	- Written by some gnomish inventor, contains lots of his inventions: small automatons

