#Downtime #Forge-of-Fury
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Past/India.md), [[Stalfor]], [[Adriel]]
 
- Session ended with Jarana headed to bed for the night, leaving [[Stalfor]] with his inheritance lol
- The box was plans for armour and a gemstone (probably used to help craft it)

##### Next morning:
- Stinker showed up at tavern with a package: an envelope and fancy book?
	- Envelope:
		- Back is wax sealed with an 'A' ([[Onvyr]] Aedaine)
		- Letter:
			- Student vanished while reading book, reappeared after broken and bleeding.
			- Recounted being literally pulled into the book with unwelcome inhabitants
			- Asks us to "stamp it out" and he will provide compensation
			- Also offered a safe retreat for [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) to escape rumours and drama amongst the city's high society after the events that unfolded ([[Caspian]] being a whore)
- [[Stalfor]] is curious about his family's origins, but if someone was injured from the book then he thinks that might be better?

##### Next day:
- Decided to do Forge of Fury, need to shop beforehand. Shopping list:
	- Walking can take 20-25 days
	- Carriage can take 13-14 days
	- Teleport scroll might fail since [[Adriel]] has never been to SotW before, buying 2nd one
	- Potions of Healing
	- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) bought Clockwork Amulet
	- [[Adriel]] bought a Staff of Healing by making a deal with the witchy seller to collect potion ingredients
- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) said goodbye to family, said she'd be back in a few weeks
- [India](PCs/Past/India.md) said goodbye to [[Durnan]]
- [[Stalfor]] said goodbye to [[Greed]]

##### Journey:
- Plan is to take High Road to stop in Phandalin, then detour to Long Road to Mirabar.
- Travelled a few days without incident
- Came upon river running down mountains joining the sea, need to cross the bridge. Bridge troll?
	- Troll says to give him 1gp for bridge
	- Troll is wearing a sack with a symbol painted on it. If this is a uniform it isn't one we recognize
	- Troll is about 10 or 11 feet tall
	- [[Adriel]] cast Command and told him to "leave" and he failed the check so he just left lmfao
- Day 5: Passed a overturned card, [[Stalfor]] stole a box that had a broach in it. [[Adriel]] cast Dispel Magic and now [[Stalfor]] has a fancy broach!
	- Found a place to rest for the night and ended the session there.