#Forge-of-Fury 
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Past/India.md), [[Stalfor]], [[Adriel]]

- Hear whistling noise in town, adjust to face town. Every time wind picks up, something started whistling.
- Dawn begins to break horizon, wake everyone up and leave for Kendricklamar.
- Travel for the day, find a clearing and set up camp for the night
	- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) takes first watch, accidentally falls asleep.
- Next day, set up camp on a hill overlooking a small nearby town
	- Lights out in town, no voices. Quiet night :)
- Next day, enter town to pass through. Midway through the day we come across a young girl on the side of the road (about 9 years old), feet bare and tattered clothes
	- She is weeping to herself, face puffy, muddy face, snot
	- She says her house fell apart and her mom is trapped under the rocks
	- Orcs in town ahead
	- Says her name is Meera, looks like small teenager up close
	- Child has some older features on her once looking at her up close

- Follow the tiny teen to her house, roof has collapsed in, lots of farmland and gardens.
- [[Adriel]], [India](PCs/Past/India.md), and [[Stalfor]] head in with Meera but [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) stays behind to keep watch on the carriage.
- [[Adriel]] falls into a pit of spikes as he enters
	- Bandit trap!
	- Killed bandits, [India](PCs/Past/India.md) asked the tiny teen to stop running bandit gangs and she said yes, [[Adriel]] healed her and then tiny teen said eat shit and ran off
- Ended the session as we left the bandit trap for town