#Sylvia-Backstory #Downtime #Forge-of-Fury
[Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md)

- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) and India went with [[Salvatore]] and [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md) to Piergeron's Palace
- [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md), [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md), [[Salvatore]] went into general's office to discuss how [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md) should repay for his crimes:
	- Effective immediately [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md)'s position of authority is terminated and should not take any position of authority again.
	- Will be under a sort of house arrest. Guards will escort him to any and all victim reparations.
	- Brothel will be shut down and building will be repurposed for something else more benevolent.
- When they got back to the palace [Sylvia](PCs/Past/Sylvia.md) said goodbye and gave her dad and [Caspian](NPCs/Living/Caspian.md) a hug each and left with [India](PCs/Current/India.md)
- Meanwhile [Adriel](PCs/Current/Adriel.md) and [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) went back to YP and counted money
	- From the brothel each person gets: 541gp, 2sp, 5cp
- Dwarven woman approached out special room, said her name is Jarana Durgeddin (Jarana Doordash).
	- Looking for a greatsmith, [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) Svarare
	- Her father was Tordek who passed recently and told her to seek out [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md)
	- Durgeddin the black and family driven from home by orcs and trolls, ancestral halls plundered and many family members killed
	- Durgeddin led the destitute remains of the clan to a cavern beneath stonetooth mountain and founded the stronghold of Khundrukar.
	- About a century ago another family member was captured and orcs learned of stronghold, chieftains raised a siege on the stronghold. Orcs captured the place and now run the place
	- Members of the clan tried to retake the place but were wiped out, her father included.
	- Before leaving, her father left behind a box saying the only one who could help the family was Stalfor.
	- Box contents:
		- Big stone, maps, and armor design