#### Arc: Canopic Being
#### PCs: [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md), [India](PCs/Current/India.md), [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md), [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)

# Notes
- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) dispelled the curse afflicting [India](PCs/Current/India.md) which was preventing her from being healed, and healed her back to consciousness.
- Is [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md) a human? "You get your heart or you get these hands"

- Confronted [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md) to try to convince her that [Valin](NPCs/Deceased/Valin.md) was evil, but she was not buying
- [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md) has lots of cat figurines
- Found a bracelet with a key charm
- Cupboard made brain tingle.
	- Aura of conjuration magic around the cupboard
	- Taking from it, closing the door and reopening it, restocks the cupboard with full pantry of food. 

- [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md) tried to make a run for it so we knocked her out, brought her to the jar room and tried to reverse the surgery on our own.
	- [India](PCs/Current/India.md) is the anesthesiologist
	- [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md) 
		- Cutting her open
		- Extract the heart
		- Destroy the heart
		- Take jar heart and insert
		- Close her up
	- [Stalfor](PCs/Current/Stalfor.md) will destroy it with fire
	- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) will get the real heart

- Successfully performed the heart surgery on [Alessia](NPCs/Living/Alessia.md), she decided to leave the temple and set her own path.
- Repeated the ritual on [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) successfully

- New God - Drake, mister hotline bling?

- Left temple, told the folks there about the [Valin](NPCs/Deceased/Valin.md) mummy drama

- [Avalon](PCs/Current/Avalon.md) teleported the party to [Onvyr](NPCs/Living/Onvyr.md)'s, party went to the YP to have a drink.

- Two fire giants climbed out of the pit saying they were looking for [Adriel](PCs/Past/Adriel.md)?

